# Bootstrapping
1. importing angular and packages (ui-router)
2. declaring a module called app
  * modules are contained chunks of Angular code that can be shared
3. ng-app in our HTML
  * Sets the root of our Angular application so it can be the whole page, or just part of it

# Routing - Configuration Phase

1. angular modules are made up of providers--controllers, models, routing, etc.
  * there are promise providers and ajax providers and so on
2. during the configuration phase, we can control how providers work by passing them options
  * this is how we setup routes
3. we pass a function into module.config to set these options. we "inject" the providers we want to configure. for routing, that's the $stateProvider and the $urlRouterProvider.
4. each route is configured by chanining off of $stateProvider and calling .state
  * .state takes two parameters: a name and a configuration object
  * the configuration object takes parameters for url, template and controller
5. when specifying a controller to route to, we use controller as syntax.
  * ControllerName as shorterName
6. when specifying templates, we use require() to load an html view from another file
7. finally, we use $urlRouterProvider.otherwise() to specify a default location to redirect users to

# Controllers

1. just like we can call App.config, we can call App.controller to create a controller
2. we create controllers as ES2015 classes
3. if we need to use an Angular service, we have to pass it into other methods that require it. we get it in the constructor, then we save it just like any other class that has things passed in.
4. we can assign properties to a class to make them available in the view.
